README.md, before:

# Grunt-DSS [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/darcyclarke/grunt-dss.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/darcyclarke/grunt-dss)

**Grunt-DSS** is a **[Grunt](http://gruntjs.com)** plugin that generates UI documentation from CSS, LESS, STYLUS, SASS and SCSS files based on the **[DSS](https://github.com/darcyclarke/dss)** parser output.

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.0`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-dss --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-dss');
```

In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `dss` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

## Options

#### options.template

Type: `String`
Default value: `{task_path}/template/`

A relative path to a `mustache` template to be used instead of the default

#### options.parsers

Type: `Object`
Default value: `{}`

An object filled with key value pairs of functions to be used when parsing comment blocks. See the **example** below for more context about how to use these.

#### options.files

Type: `Array` or `Object`
Default value: `[]`

Files to parse. Using Grunt default `files` syntax. [More about that on Gruntjs wiki](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/wiki/Configuring-tasks#files).

### Example initConfig

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  dss: {
    docs: {
      options: {
        template: '/dark_theme/',
        parsers: {
          // Finds @link in comment blocks
          link: function(i, line, block){

            // Replace link with HTML wrapped version
            var exp = /(b(https?|ftp|file)://[-A-Z0-9+&@#/%?=~_|!:,.;]*[-A-Z0-9+&@#/%=~_|])/ig;
            line.replace(exp, "<a href='$1'>$1</a>");
            return line;
          }
        }
      },
      files: {
        'api/': 'css/**/*.{css,scss,sass,less,styl}'
      }
    }
  }
});
````

Commit message:

Avoid useless file write
Don't write .mustache file ( Close #2 ) & only write index.html if it
has change. It's better for watching process (eg: avoid useless
livereload).
Also fix test ( close #1 ) & add some options for the template index
filename & update the README according to that.

This commit remove wrench dependency ;)

README.md, after:

# Grunt-DSS [![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/darcyclarke/grunt-dss.png?branch=master)](http://travis-ci.org/darcyclarke/grunt-dss)

**Grunt-DSS** is a **[Grunt](http://gruntjs.com)** plugin that generates UI documentation from CSS, Less, Stylus, Sass files based on the **[DSS](https://github.com/darcyclarke/dss)** parser output.

## Getting Started
This plugin requires Grunt `~0.4.0`

If you haven't used [Grunt](http://gruntjs.com/) before, be sure to check out the [Getting Started](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started) guide, as it explains how to create a [Gruntfile](http://gruntjs.com/sample-gruntfile) as well as install and use Grunt plugins. Once you're familiar with that process, you may install this plugin with this command:

```shell
npm install grunt-dss --save-dev
```

Once the plugin has been installed, it may be enabled inside your Gruntfile with this line of JavaScript:

```js
grunt.loadNpmTasks('grunt-dss');
```

In your project's Gruntfile, add a section named `dss` to the data object passed into `grunt.initConfig()`.

## Settings

#### files

Type: `Array` or `Object`
Default value: `[]`

Files to parse. Using Grunt default `files` syntax. [More about that on Gruntjs wiki](https://github.com/gruntjs/grunt/wiki/Configuring-tasks#files).

#### options.template

Type: `String`
Default value: `{task_path}/template/`

A relative path to a `mustache` template to be used instead of the default.

#### options.template_index

Type: `String`
Default value: `index.mustache`

The filename of the index of the template.

#### options.output_index

Type: `String`
Default value: `index.html`

The filename of the index for the output file.

#### options.parsers

Type: `Object`
Default value: `{}`

An object filled with key value pairs of functions to be used when parsing comment blocks. See the **example** below for more context about how to use these.

### Example initConfig

```javascript
grunt.initConfig({
  dss: {
    docs: {
      files: {
        'api/': 'css/**/*.{css,scss,sass,less,styl}'
      },
      options: {
        template: '/dark_theme/',
        parsers: {
          // Finds @link in comment blocks
          link: function(i, line, block){

            // Replace link with HTML wrapped version
            var exp = /(b(https?|ftp|file)://[-A-Z0-9+&@#/%?=~_|!:,.;]*[-A-Z0-9+&@#/%=~_|])/ig;
            line.replace(exp, "<a href='$1'>$1</a>");
            return line;
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
});
````
